Refs #30573 -- Rephrased "Of Course" and "Obvious(ly)" in documentation and comments. (#12838)
django/django: docs/ref/models/instances.txt

--------------------------------------------

Sometimes you'll need to perform a simple arithmetic task on a field, such

> as incrementing or decrementing the current value. The simplest way to

Reviewer: `simplest` was one of words removed in #11482. I rephrased this.

Author: Yeah good point. I think here it was still warranted - it's not saying it's necessarily "simple and obvious" but just that it's the "simplest" option, even if it's not (yet?) obvious or simple for the reader. I think your rephrasing is fine, although it has possibly lost the "signposting" that this first option is not necessarily the best.

Reviewer: Maybe _"A common way of achieving this is ..."_ :thinking:

--------------------------------------------

Sometimes you'll need to perform a simple arithmetic task on a field, such

> as incrementing or decrementing the current value. You can achieve this by
> doing something like::

Author: ```suggestion
as incrementing or decrementing the current value. One way of achieving this
is doing the arithmetic in Python like::
```

I think this captures that it's "a way" of doing it, and signposts that the following paragraphs will explain a "better" way.

I'm not sure about "common" - maybe it's common, maybe it's not, and that doesn't say whether or not it's going to be problematic.

Reviewer: Applied.
